NEWER AT BOTTOM
THE GAME OF LIFE - APCS2 (2014)

May 23, 2014
FINAL PROJECT TIME! 

May 27, 2014
We further developed our idea today and then we met with Mr. Brown to discuss our project. Andrew Fan joined the team! Yay!
Mash: This is a one player game with two versions: Life and Stuy. Players will give outcomes they would like to see and use a spinner to generate a spinner. The computer will run, and then will show the results. 
Added: We will then take the results and store them for analysis. We will find the least and most common answers for each category. We'll figure out details later. 

Version 0.00 [May 28, 2014]
~Deciding flow of how the game will progress and what will be available to the player(s).
There will be a MASH.java file that will be the driver file. It will contain the main() method as well as other functions, including a spinner, a toString, various printing methods, user input (to be implemented later on), and other things. Current plans include a Category.java class that will contain an array or arraylist containing the possible choices. The driver method will use a while loop and go through the categories using a counter, removing choices based on the spinner's result. At the end, it will print the results. Statistics will be implemented at a later date.

Version 0.00a [May 28, 2014]
Andrew Fan: Added Category.java. May require additional methods. I used a LinkedList as the base because we'll be removing things from the categories very often.

Version 0.00b [May 29, 2014]
Considered a lot of possibilities. We WILL be using a circularly linked list of sorts (in some way or another) in order to store the data for each option, but the implmentation of the categories may in fact require a completely different approach than the one included in Category.java, which may require scrapping.

Version 0.00c [May 30, 2014]
Andrew Fan: Changes to Category.java.
We have decided to use the circularly linked list that we built in class. ArrayList<String> will be stored in each node. We will try to get the game working by the middle of the week and start the statistical part then. 
Andrew Fan: Added heaps for statistics later. They should be functional.

Version 0.00d [Jun 2, 2014]
Andrew Fan: Driver skeleton with almost nothing in it added

Tried to combine DLLNode & Category since they should be the same class...But DLLNode has the extra function of being able to access its previous node which we will not be using. 

Andrew and Jamie: Fixed up part of the user selection portion of the gameSelect and formed a basic structure for things to work inside the driver, MASH.java, while the Category class is renovated.

Version 0.00e [Jun 3, 2014]
Andrew and Jamie: Continued to build the setup of the game. 
Daisy: Continued working on Category. Has gotten CLList to compile when DLLNode is replaced with Category. 
WE CAN DO THIS!!!

Version 0.00f [Jun 4, 2014]
Using Daisy's CLList edits, Jamie and Andrew wrote the code to create the CLList and add the user-selected choices to the categories. Compiled, but we don't know if it works...

Version 0.00g [Jun 5, 2014]
played around with CLList, and might have created a working version of MASH (in the main method, which is the wrong place to put it). It needs to be formatted correctly and turned into methods.
Further testing is necessary. There's something weird about the counting. Or maybe I just can't count?
Looked up how to get user input through the following website:
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4644415/java-how-to-get-input-from-system-console
Don't really understand the how and why behind this though. 

Version 0.00h [Jun 9, 2014]
continued testing by using CLList. Tried if else statements...still not too sure about the counting
